Noelle Dullaghan (ndullagh)

This is my MUSH (Minimally Useful SHell). It is a minimalistic shell that
has the basic functionalities of other shells like BASH in a rather small program. It was created a final 
project for my Systems Programming class, and I had about a week to complete it. 

It supports:
- Pipes
- IO Redirection
- Quoted strings
- Backslash escapes
- A built-in cd command
- SIGINT

If run with arguments, it will treat them as file paths. It will attempt to read the 
files at these locations and treat each new line found as a command line to execute. If no arguments are given,
It will print "8-P" as a prompt, allowing the user to type and execute commands as usual.


A parser was given to us by our professor to streamline the process (given that we only had 
a week to do all of this) Here are the descriptions of the functions from the parser's library
given of my professor's assignment page.

"char *readLongString(FILE *infile);

	reads an arbitrarily long string from the given FILE * up until it encounters
a newline or EOF, removing the terminating newline, if any. On success,
returns a pointer to the string in a newly-malloc()ed buffer. On error or
EOF, returns NULL. The caller is responsible for freeing the allocated string.


pipeline crack pipeline(char *line);

	Take the given string and parse it into a pipeline. On success returns a
pointer to the new pipeline. The pipeline retains a pointer to line, but
free pipeline() does not free it. On error, returns NULL.


void print pipeline(FILE *where, pipeline cl);

	Prints out the contents of the passed pipeline in an aesthetically pleasing
way. Useful for debugging. print pipeline() changes its behavior a little
if the environment variable “PARSELINE” is set.


void free pipeline(pipeline cl);

	Frees the given command line, all its stages, and all associated strings."


Minor changes have been made to the program since submitting it for the project
for the sake of readability, but other than that it has been left mostly alone.
I realize now that I am a wiser person that my use of full-indent tabs was not ideal,
but unfortunately there is not much I can do about it now without manually changing it.
I apologize for any issues this causes with readability.

